I am 10 meters away from home
If you don't go back, you can't remember what your home looks like
I'm going back this time
You must be glorious and beautiful
Something's wrong. Accelerate
Drive now
What are you doing?
What are you going to do?
Uh-huh.
What the hell are you doing?
I am Lu Wushuang
Lao Tzu, this house belongs to me
I'm going to split it now to send more money.
Unparalleled subsidy
You took all the supplements.
Now you're robbing our house again
Are you worthy of Wushuang?
Wushuang, he's already a king turtle
Village Chief, do you have to call the shots for me?
I took care of them almost
You change house to take care of you
Not following that annoying dog
I took the gun apart
Can't dismantle, can't dismantle?
After dismantling the house, Wu Chao can't find a home when he comes back
That's not up to you.
Take it apart for me if he dares to stop it
Just tear it apart for me
Can't smash can't smash
You can't throw it away!
Can't smash it, can't throw it away?
Can't smash can't smash